# Name: Samay Varshney
# Roll Number: 180101097
# CS331 Assignment 2

- To compare the efficiency, I have compared the execution time of sequential.java (contains sequential code) with the parallel.java (contains multithreaded parallel code) by taking transactions.txt, input_account.txt and input_amount.txt as inputs in both the programs.

- To compare the throughput, I have compared the output accounts and amounts respectively generated by both sequential.java and parallel.java using a program named compare.java. If corresponding accounts/amounts are not similar then I am printing those accounts/amounts in the terminal. 

- transactions.txt contains all the transactions to be performed by parallel.java and sequential.java.

- input_account.txt and input_amount.txt contains the initial random account numbers and amounts of all the branches of the bank (each branch is having 10,000 accounts). The ith line of each file contains accounts and amounts respectively of ith branch of bank.

- parallel.java will print the execution time of running the transactions (with multithreading and concurrent hashing) in the terminal. It will also create parallel_account.txt and parallel_amount.txt which contains the accounts and amounts of each branch of the bank after processing all the transactions. The ith line of parallel_account.txt and parallel_amount.txt contains accounts and amounts respectively of ith branch after processing the transactions.

- sequential.java will print the execution time of running the transactions (sequentially performing with no threading) in the terminal. It will also create sequential_account.txt and sequential_amount.txt which contains the accounts and amounts of each branch of the bank after processing all the transactions sequentially. The ith line of sequential_account.txt and sequential_amount.txt contains accounts and amounts respectively of ith branch after processing the transactions.

- code.cpp is used to generate the random transactions (transactions.txt) and initial random account and amounts of each branch (input_account.txt and input_amount.txt). Transactions.txt will contain 10,00,000 transactions.

- Branches are numbered from 0-9.
- Only valid transactions are present in the transactions.txt file.
- 10,00,000 transactions are present in transactions.txt file. Probability of adding account is 0.003, deleting account is 0.003, transfer account is 0.004, withdraw is 0.33, deposit is 0.33 and transfer money is 0.33.
- Each branch will contain the account numbers in increasing order

# Instructions to run the code:

	- Run the parallel.java program using the following commands:
		Compilation: 	$ javac parallel.java  
		Execution: 		$ java Assignment2_180101097

	- Run the sequential.java program using the following commands:
		Compilation: 	$ javac sequential.java  
		Execution: 		$ java Assignment2_180101097

	- Run compare.java for comparing the output text files using following commands:
		Compilation: 	$ javac compare.java  
		Execution: 		$ java Assignment2_180101097	

	- To generate random transactions, use following commands:
		Compilation:	$ g++ code.cpp
		Execution:		$ ./a.out

# Transactions file format:

	- Withdraw:
		1 <account_number_for_withdraw> <amount_to_be_withraw>
	
	- Deposit:
		2 <account_number_for_deposit> <amount_to_deposit> 

	- Transfer money:
		3 <account_number_for_withdraw> <account_number_for_deposit> <transfer_amount>

	- Add account:
		4 <account_number_to_add> <initial_amount_in_new_account>

	- Delete account:
		5 <account_number_to_delete>

	- Transfer account from one branch to another:
		6 <account_number_to_transfer> <new_branch_number_for_this_account>

- In transfer of account, it is assumed that first digit of the account number changes after transfer.

# Other file formats:

	- The ith line of input_account.txt and input_amount.txt each contains accounts and amounts respectively of ith branch of bank before processing the transactions.

	- The ith line of parallel_account.txt and parallel_amount.txt each contains accounts and amounts respectively of ith branch of bank after processing the transactions parallely.
	
	- The ith line of sequential_account.txt and sequential_amount.txt each contains accounts and amounts respectively of ith branch of bank after processing the transactions sequentially.